tonight me and Matthew are on thin ice
dancing dancing on thin ice that will
probably make the show a lot more
amusing anyway welcome back to the crew
we are doing some of the new flexion
missions today I switch the third fourth
gear at a fort
but anyway lucky you got a brother over
there using a yellow sky no did you
notice that this is one of the newer
faction missions available on the crew
can be playing all of those today
Matthew what have you done is that
Mountain Dew over there where I'm will
then know it's F mo in June
that's PE it's got letters all the way
around it it's a mountain JUCO it looks
like a bottle
well the yoga catching I am this poor
she's looking slidin everywhere but she
said the poor she's slipping sliding
everywhere so she said Bashir in a
Porsche apparently yes it's a woman's
car you know it's like all the like tksa
I think he was gonna buy a 41-point
wasn't he it's like all the guys that
don't know about cars by they just go
for a Porsche then he buys an Aventador
hmm I'm not gonna come first
what yes you are you in first please oh
no you know you better come first please
Matthew you're like neck and neck with
that guy move maybe I'm using the breath
thank you break itself deal get cut
using me to break the I said we break
what's the be brave said the range I'm
gonna do it and good to do it and its
thickness this Sun come on I want to
finish at least third place that's
somewhat decent for me using a no
rotation I go I have taken edge
oh yeah so this is the brunch you Luke
prank ooh Brent Brent Chanchala Luke
brunch Oh Luke oh look at that nice
clean white sls there in the front of us
let's see how we get on with it
this gun is in every car that you're
gonna be using today a skyline Matthew
yeah you're literally gonna use nothing
but skylines I'm back in the pack I fell
behind cuz I should like you got in the
way and I hit ya what you punched
everybody in to me no I didn't you
blocked the road so I slammed into you
by accident of wound I didn't mean to
still booed you're rude
this is a nice little treasure yeah
kinda kinda already on the second bug
kinda I'm not winning sweet you're not
winning oh come on you can take this
it's too slidy you want full assist how
is it too slimy not on from one spawn it
doesn't have the icon there you liar
I'm gonna see when you're on the line
you crap it lying you are never seen a
word fire in me life come on this is hit
the Viper up a track now are in fourth
place
oh come on come on
goddammit fourth place